welcome to crazy as gadgets video
reviews and today we've got to review
the rubik's slide rubik's slide is an
electronic version of the rubik's cube
it's a three by three board it takes
three batteries on the inside and we're
going to go ahead and turn it on and as
you can see on the top there are three
buttons you've got your check your start
and your equal the Equal gives you your
score the start is to start let's go
ahead and start and when it gives you is
your your current setup and if we press
the check mark you're going to see what
our goal is we're going to try to
manipulate the current blocks from this
to this and the way we're going to do
that is by sliding the board and you
actually physically slide the board I'm
going to push up and the blocks are all
going to move up as you can see them
actually pushing it up and of course you
can push it in all four directions here
this push it to the left as well as
rotate that's going to cause it to
rotate 90 degrees and if we press again
to see what our goal was
and pressed again the see our goal and
we're going to hit the goal right now
and you get a little happy song and you
get your next board so there's three
difficulty levels and you gives you a
total of ten thousand different puzzles
to play with and additionally there's
also lightning round so overall it's a
pretty fun device to play with it's it
can be a little frustrating it's
definitely more frustrating I think than
the original Rubik's Cube because of the
rotation it's got two different colors
and you have the lightning round which
gives you a timer which can get a little
maddening so overall it's a fun toy